fix pipe covers not copying and move some logic (#4896)
GregTechCEu/GregTechCEu-1.19: docs/content/Modpacks/Changes/v8.0.0.md

- `ChargerMachine` has been merged into `BatteryBufferMachine`.
  - Calling the battery buffer constructor with the following args gives the same behaviour as a charger machine: `(info, tier, inventorySize, BatteryBufferMachine.AMPS_PER_BATTERY_CHARGER, 0)`
- Refactored Jade provider code. Use the `MachineInfoProvider` class for jade providers for a specific machine type, and `MachineTraitProvider` for providers for a specific machine trait. 
- `GTUtil.getMoltenFluid(Material)` has been moved to `Material.getHotFluid()`.

> - `ICopyable::copyConfig` now returns `void` instead of `CompoundTag`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ICopyable::copyConfig`'s `CompoundTag` argument should now be mutated by reference instead of a new one returned (and thus, the return type has been changed to `void`).
```
